Hey, good morning, family. I'm excited to
be with you all again today. I'm thinking
of bringing
on a
challenge—let's
do
something fun together. It
doesn't always have to be serious when I
come on here preaching;
this is just something that is on my
heart. I feel like it's
easier when we're a team with a
sense of
camaraderie. The
Lord really put it on my heart one day while I
was praying, and He said to me,
'Brandon,
I really want you to take care of
yourself and get rid of some
weight.'I
want to get rid of it; I
don't say 'lose'it because I don't want to find
it again. I want to
get rid of it and not go
back into this bad cycle of eating poorly
and not
taking care of my body this
way. It's something that I have struggled
with my whole life:
stress eating
and
always nibbling on chocolate,
chips, or
candy.
I asked the Lord, 'I have an
addiction, Lord,
toward
bad food,'and it's been a
stronghold. To be real with y'all,
we all have stuff we're going
through, but this is something that I
deal with and it's been
a real
issue with me. To be real
with you, I'm
304 pounds right now. I'm 5'11"and 304
pounds,
and
that's too big. The Lord said,
'Brandon, I need you to lose 100
pounds.'When
I get down to 204
pounds,
we'll see where we are then, but
I'm believing God that in
2024 I'm going to do the things
I need to do to achieve
that goal. I know that it's not going
to just fall off of me by eating the way
I still did, so I'm going to change it
up. People have
given me emails about keto and
the
carnivore diet, so there
are
a lot of people that feel like I
need to lose weight;
it's not just the Lord. I'm going to
start off doing ketogenic and I
believe I can do this doing keto and
more carnivore—not doing strictly keto,
but eating the meats and
cutting sweets out completely. I'm not
going to do sweets,
breads, pastas, or things like
that—no
cookies, I'm cutting it all
out. I'm cutting out the treats and
no sugary sodas. I'm
going to
really
fine-tune this thing: exercise, take
care of my heart, take care of my body,
and focus on being a healthier me in
2024.
Every week, I'll come on here
and tell you how much I've lost or even
if I've gained something, but
I'm believing God that the scale is
going the other way. My wife said,
'Brandon, you're handsome regardless of
how you look,
but it would be good
if you lost 100 pounds just for your
health.'So,
I'm going to do this, but not only lose
it, I'm going to keep it off so I don't
want to find it ever again. I don't want
to be on the roller coaster diet.
You
all saw me in that one
video, my tribulation video, when I
went to the throne room of the Lord. I
was doing packet foods called Sanford
by
Profile.
I was eating five times
a day—1,000 calories a day plus a
lean and
green—and
I lost 80 pounds over that year because
it was just on my heart. I was heavy
and I needed to do it.
I got a
weight loss coach and he was really good,
a nice guy, and
every
single week I weighed in and
they kept on me. Well, I didn't want to
pay the $1,500 again to do the
program, so I went away from it and I
gained all that weight back
over the course of a year just
eating trash again.
Chick-fil-A is fine, but I was
eating the fries and
McDonald's
fries.
I don't want nobody trying to come after
me like I'm talking bad about
your
company; I'm just telling y'all I
like your food,
but
I know you have
healthier alternatives, Chick-fil-A.
It doesn't taste as
good, though, Brandon. I'm just trying to say
your fries are
good and, golly, you get me all tickled.
I'm not trying to pick at your companies;
I'm just saying that's not
the direction I need to go anymore.
We love you, Chick-fil-A;
you're a blessing. Put your weight goals down
in the comments.
Let's do it
together.
You don't even have to say if
you're female or male
because
girls are real sensitive
to that stuff, but you can write
down, 'I'm believing God for 20 pounds
this year.'Every
single week we'll
weigh in.
I'll try to make a video, but
I'm trying to reprogram my mind to
think
healthy. It's
not
an
excuse anymore. I'm
43 years old, turning 44 this year, and
it's really serious. You have
to
start taking care of yourself, especially
regarding
hereditary issues your family
has
dealt with for years. You've just
got to say, 'No, that's not me. I'm not going
home early.'I'm going to stick
around; God has a plan for me. I have
things I need to do, and so I'm not going
to let weight stand in my way anymore.
No more strongholds.
I'm finding scriptures
about
self-control:
God has not given me a spirit of
fear, but of power, love, and of
a sound mind. He gives you a
spirit of
self-control. One of the fruits of the Spirit
is
self-control.
I don't need those things. This
is
just something I'm talking to y'all
about, just being real. I hope
this blessed y'all. I know it's kind
of quirky, but I'm praying
and
believing God that I look back at this video
this time next year
and
see
the
turnaround.
Father, I thank You for
every single person here. If
they need help with their weight just
like me, Lord, I petition You.
I thank You that this is the year of
change, the year that we're not
going back
into that stupid pattern of eating
wrong and
abusing food. Father, I thank You,
Lord, that we use food as fuel to
maintain
us; it's
not for comfort or enjoyment.
I'm looking at it, Father, as a place of
sustaining
my ministry and doing what God's called
me to do. It's
a different mindset. Father,
I thank You, Lord, that every single one
of us will overcome; we overcome by the
blood of the Lamb and by the word of our
testimony. I thank You, Father, that
there will be a great turnaround of
events
in each one of our lives. When
we look back next year, we're
going to say, 'look at what the Lord has
done,'and
we give You all the glory, honor,
and praise for it in the name of Jesus.
We ask You, God, that You help us and give us
supernatural weight loss.
What may take some people years to do,
God, may You accelerate it in our bodies
to help us be
healthy for You. I take
authority over the cravings for sugar
and
addictions; I thank
You, Lord, that they are broken off of us
in Jesus'name. We have authority over
this stuff and we speak to our temple. We
say, 'Body, you
line up with the Word of
God.'I
have
authority over you, flesh, and I command
you to stop it right now. I command
these
addictions to be broken off of
me right now in Jesus'name. Strongholds
be
gone. We believe, Father,
that for whom the Son has
set free is free indeed. We thank You,
Lord, for You are so good
to us.
We consider it done. You're a good God
and You're faithful.
I hope that was encouraging to
y'all
today. If you like it, put a thumbs up,
click that notification bell,
and
subscribe. It helps
with
the algorithms, y'all. When you do
that, you're getting the Gospel and
videos like this out throughout the
world. It helps people start clicking it,
and I start getting people who are
not born again
looking at this;
they
need Jesus, and you are helping them find
Him.
I believe with all my heart when
they watch my videos that they'll see Jesus loves
them and that's going to set them free.
Put a smile
on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
We will see you next time. Y'all have
a blessed day. Bye-bye.